This loneliness I feel inside
is hard to bear.
Jehovah, I can see where I went wrong.
Feeling so downhearted,
I need strength to carry on.
I’m yearning to be back where I belong.
I remember things you taught me
—things I still recall—
The precious truths found
in your Holy Word.
That even if I stumble, even if I fall,
I can get back up.
I know the ones who care for me,
Who showed their love before,
Those who love Jehovah from the heart.
Your word is like a lamp
that lights the way that leads me back.
The road to life is where I want to be.
Ev’rywhere I go, ev’rything I see,
reminds me of the truth:
The end is drawing near.
So Jehovah, Father,
please hear my prayer tonight
And help me now,
I’m in my time of need.
You know that when I stumble
so many times,
I can get back up.
I know Jehovah understands;
sometimes I need a helping hand.
He knows that I am weak
and sees what others cannot see.
He’s looking for the best in me.
So I’m going to the hall tonight
to feel the love I lost,
Back to where I know I belong.
And even if I stumble,
even if I fall, I will get back up.
I can get back up.